---
title: Dotfiles
date: 2022-08-13 13:21:00 +0200
subtitle: Linux Configurations
image: '/images/dotfiles_project.png'
published: false
---

# Dotfiles
[Github Repository](https://github.com/bitSheriff/dotfiles)

## Intro
What are *dotfiles*? Dotfiles are plain text configuration files which are stored in the linux user directory `~/.config`.

## My configuration
Every configuration can differ from user to user. But sometimes you can spot a modification which can be fitting your needs too.
And so I love the idea that many many people share their config files so everyone can pick these lines that they like.
Here is a small "documentation" and thoughts on my configuration.

### kitty
I love the terminal emulator [kitty](https://sw.kovidgoyal.net/kitty/) but one of its downside is that there is no graphical interface to configure its
behavior and appearance. Luckily, the documentation of the configuration is well done. And the online community has a lot of answers if you cannot find it elsewhere.
*kitty* is a GPU based terminal emulator, what that means is that it will not compute everything on the CPU but will render stuff on the GPU instead.
*This is a terminal, why do we need rendering?* Good question. Well if you take a look at modern CLI applications, you will notice that a lot of them are quite appealing and use different colors, fonts and maybe even pictures (i am looking at you, *ranger*).
So the idea is not that bad that the GPU can support the CPU with the terminal.
(There a lots of applications which plot into the terminal, but I am not familiar with them, so I rather shut my mouth).



### nvim

### ranger